1. Workstation changing IP address by local user or domain user. 
2. Giving a user the abaility to run application as admin without giving user admin rights. 
a. Move app and give user account permission on registry and Folders. Didn't work in my case but may.


1)
net localgroup "Network Configuration Operators" "UserName" /ADD Gives access to network Interfaces, IPs, Disabling them
net localgroup "Network Configuration Operators" "NetBiosDomainName\DomainUserName" /ADD 

2)
runas /user:Computername\Administrator C:\Windows\System32\notepad.exe; Test to ensure creds are accurate
runas /user:Computername\Administrator /savecred C:\Windows\System32\notepad.exe; You will need creds cached
Right click anywhere on Desktop > New > ShortCut > 
Target gets the above command.

runas/user:domain\user notepad.exe; If a domain account local on PC. If solely local account computer is fine. If domain... domain. 

a. 
1) Move the Application to a folder outside "Program Files". E.g. make a folder named "User Apps" or something like this.
2) Select the app folder properties (by clicking with right mouse button on it), go to "security" tab and press "edit" to change its permissions.
3) Press "Add" and enter the name of the user you want to run the app. Press ok. 
4) In "Permissions for -user name-" box, mark the checkboxes to give him full control (or just "modify") rights. Press OK and OK. Now your users application has the nessesary permisions to write to its folders.
But the app may ask to write something in the systems registry. So, follow the next steps:
5) Go to start and run "regedit". Inside Registry Editor click "Computer" and make a search ("ctrl-F") with the app name (e.g. "quake.exe"). Wait to find it.
6) When you find some registry folder that is connected somehow with the app, press the right mouse button on it and select "permissions".
7) Here you have to add the user name once more and give him the full control permission. Now his app can write to system registry.
8)Go to the app shortcut you have created for the user, click properties and enable "always run as administrator".
9) Done! Your user can run the Application without having you to give him admin rights!
